# Family documentation project +Large @6weeks outline:large

  What is your full name? Why did your parents select this name for you? Did you have a nickname?
  What is your earliest childhood memory?
  Describe the personalities of your family members.
  What kind of games did you play growing up?
  What was your favorite toy and why?
  What was your favorite thing to do for fun (movies, etc.)?
  Did you have family chores? What were they? Which was your least favorite?
  What was school like for you as a child? What were your best and worst subjects? Where did you attend grade school? High school? College?
  What school activities and sports did you participate in?
  Do you remember any fads from your youth? Popular hairstyles? Clothes?
  What were your favorite songs and music genres?
  Who were your friends when you were growing up?
  What world events had the most impact on you when you were a child? Did any of them personally affect your family?
  Describe a typical family dinner. Did you all eat together as a family? Who did the cooking? What were your favorite foods?
  Who was the oldest relative you remember as a child? What do you remember about them?
  What do you know about your family surname?
  Is there a naming tradition in your family, such as always giving the firstborn son the name of his paternal grandfather?
  What stories have come down to you about your parents? Grandparents? More distant ancestors?
  Are there any stories about famous or infamous relatives in your family?
  What was the full name of your spouse? Siblings? Parents?
  When and how did you meet your spouse? What did you do on dates?
  What was it like when you proposed (or were proposed to)? Where and when did it happen? How did you feel?
  Where and when did you get married?
  What memory stands out the most from your wedding day?
  How would you describe your spouse? What do (did) you admire most about them?
  What do you believe is the key to a successful marriage?
  How did you find out you were going to be a parent for the first time?
  Why did you choose your children's names?
  What was your proudest moment as a parent?
  What did your family enjoy doing together?
  What was your profession and how did you choose it?
  If you could have had any other profession, what would it have been? Why wasn't this your first choice?
  Of all the things you learned from your parents, what do you feel was the most valuable?
  What accomplishments are you most proud of?
  What is the one thing you most want people to remember about you?

